Middleware for Italy (#257)
fiskaltrust/interface-doc: doc/middleware-it-registratore-telematico/appendix-it-registratore-telematico.md

---
slug: /poscreators/middleware-doc/italy
title: Introduction
---

This appendix expands on the General Part's information by adding details specific to the Italian market. This additional information is provided only where applicable. The remaining chapters, for which there is no further information required, were omitted.

> <div class="alert alert--warning" role="alert">Please note that this information is only complete when combined with the <b>General</b> part. To implement the Middleware, users should get themselves familiar with the general information first and then refer to the country-specific details listed here.</div>

Reviewer: ```suggestion
:::caution

Please note that this information is only complete when combined with the **General** part. To implement the Middleware, users should get themselves familiar with the general information first and then refer to the country-specific details listed here.

:::
```

[I think thats the same thing right?](https://docusaurus.io/docs/markdown-features/admonitions)
